{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs22\lang9 RESUME\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 Name \b0\fs22 : Jerry Shikanga\par
\b\fs24 Address \b0\fs22 : P.O. BOX 50103-116 Malava, Kenya.\par
\b\fs24 Nationality \b0\fs22 : Kenyan\par
\b\fs24 Gender \b0\fs22 : Male\par
\b\fs24 Date of Birth \b0\fs22 : 3\super rd\nosupersub  May 1998\par
\b\fs24 Email\b0\fs22  : jerryshikanga@gmail.com\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/jerryshikanga/ }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/jerryshikanga/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Telephone\b0\fs22  : +254727447101, +254739936708\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 An enthusiatic full-stack developer. Well versed in the software development cycle from problem analysis, requirements listing, coding, debugging, testing, deploying and maintainance. Develops solutions tailored to fit the needs of clients. Flexible enough to work with wide variety of languages under different environments and operating systems. Keeps up to date with emerging technologies such as BlockChain and Ethereum. Emphasis on security, effiency and data-intergrity of systems while at the same time maintaing a good user experience.   Good team player and ability to user collaboration and versioning tools. Looking to build long lasting business relationships. Great interest in mathematical and statistical analysis which I apply a lot in my daily software development. \par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 EDUCATION\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs22 August 2016 -Present\b0\tab Bsc. Computer Science,  Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology\par
\b Jan 2016 - June 2016 \b0 Certified Public Accountant, Section 1, Strathmore University, Pass Attained\par
\b 2012-2015 \b0 KCSE, Friends School Kamusinga, Grade A\par
\b 2008-2011 \b0 KCPE, Kakamega Hill School, 417 Total Marks\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 SKILLS\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22 Good at several programming languages (PHP, Python, Java, Javascript and NodeJS) and stanadard languages (HTML, CSS, JSON)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Object Oriented and Functional Programming\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Working with frameworks (Codeigniter, Laravel, Django, Express)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Libraries Ajax, Bootstrap, jQuery\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}API Development and Intergration\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}USSD\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Relational and No-SQL Database management\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Currently sharpening my skills in mobile deveopment on Android Java and iOS Swift\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Unit testing\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Software maintainance and upgrading\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Software documentation\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Continous intergration\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Linux systems/servers configuration and maintainance\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Serverless architectures\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Critical thinker able to come up with creative solutions around problems\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Collabroation and versioning tools e.g. GIT\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 PERSONAL PROJECTS\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 ARTINC\b0  \fs22\par
Problem : Artistes in the country lack exposure to the outside markets. They also dont benefit continously from their products. They sell them once, atlow prices in most cases and their trade ends their.\par
Solutiuon : A platform with immutable records that will enable artistes benefit from future sale of thier products. This is in a system that tracks a product from development stage till as long as it lasts. This is due to the fact that some art pieces are lasting e.g. Pinitngs from 1520 are still  traded now\par
Tools : BlockChain, Go-Ethereum, Python, \par
Features : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Various playes in the art industry sign up in the platform.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Products which maybe be still fresh from production or those that have already been traded are added with the details of past transactions\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}This information is stored as an immutable smart contract which is available to view to all parties. It is updated when transactions occur.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} The original artiste an parties he/she grants are allocated a percantage on any successive trade on the product\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Status : Under testing stage\par
\b\fs24 HOSPITAL INFORMATION SYSTEM ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://35.185.102.190/projects/hospital/ }}{\fldrslt{http://35.185.102.190/projects/hospital/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24 )\b0\fs22\par
Problem : Most of the current medical institutions are in a mess due to lack of proper co-odination between various departments. This leads to grave mistakes like operating on wrong patients.\par
Solution : A records and information that will co-ordinate all units of the medical institution hassle free.\par
Tools :  PHP, MYSQL, JAVASCRIPT, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JQUERY, Bootstrap\par
Some of its capabilities include \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Roled based access to various functions of the system\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Recording various staff and patients details including those of their caretakers, history and prescriptions. Itavails when needed and updates these records on every visit\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Booking appointments, notifying of appoints and schedulig appointments for patients\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Proving information to appropriate users during the patients visit e.g. doctor send lab request to lab technician who sends back report to requesting doctor  on completion. Notifications are provided for each of these events.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Status : Complete\b\par
   \fs24 INNOVEST \b0\fs22 ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://devinvestke.appspot.com }}{\fldrslt{http://devinvestke.appspot.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 )\par
Problem : Many innovators ideas fail to get market after lots of work due to insufficient funds; Many people want to be investors but the current platforms available e.g. stock exchange impose a limit on the minimum they can invest.\par
Solution : A crowd funding platform with benefits too the investor. This takes off the worry of how to raise funds from the innovator and lets him spend his precious time on what matters most : developing his product.\par
Tools used : Python, Google Cloud SQL, Google App Engine, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, jQuery, Bootstrap 3, JavaScript\par
Its features include but not limited to\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Users sign up and choose to be either Investors or Innovators. Access thereafter is based on these two roles.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Innovators post company profiles provide periodic reports of their copmanies\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Investors view through the various companies sorted by category or have n option to search for a specific one too and contribute via one of the available platforms i.e. Mpesa, Credit/Debit Card or Paypal.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Funds are remiited to the companies and profits emiited to the platform periodically based on company perfomance. This is credited to the users account.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 DONOR APP \b0\fs22 ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://35.185.190.102/projects/donor }}{\fldrslt{http://35.185.190.102/projects/donor\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 )\par
Problem : There is a lot of mismanagement donations to the needy as the funds end up in the pockets of corrupt people.\par
Solution : A platform where accountabilty is key, this is through tracking of every single donation, the totals and withdrawal. \par
Tools used : PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap 3\par
Its features include \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 People in need chat with the admin via an inbuilt system who reviews the genuinity of the issue and posts it on the platform. this is to avoid too many cases which may not be so serious.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Donors sign up and view the various pleas posted on the platform. They contribute for those they feel compassionate towards via a number of platforms provided on the system e.g. Mpesa, Airtel Money, Bank Transfer,  Credit/Debit Card\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A report is automatically generated and sent to the relevant parties via email. It is also available upon request.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 TEAM PROJECTS\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 MALAVA FARMCARE POS SYSTEM\b0\fs22\par
Problem : With growing sales volumes and increas in activity within the company, Malava Farmcare Ltd was having a hard time keeping and retrieving records manually.\par
Solution : An electronic system that simplifies the process of record management for both sales and office operations.\par
Tools : PHP, MySql, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript\par
Role : Backend developer, Database\par
 System features \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Manage staff and assets\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Manage sales, purchases, dicsounts all these both on credit and cash basis\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Summary, Graphical and detailed reports on various aspects of the company\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Secure data back up at the end of the days operations\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Status : Production\par
\b\fs24 WINMAX BETS ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.winma.zealmaxbets&hl=en }}{\fldrslt{https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.winma.zealmaxbets&hl=en\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24 )\b0\par
\fs22 Problems : The betting culture has become widespread. Many people are loosing on the bets. This leads to a number of future consequences such as breakage of families\par
Solution :  Provide a way for people to access advice before placing bets.\par
Tools : Java for Android, Firebase\par
Role : Java Developer\par
System features\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Provide list of matches to be played and predictions for the results\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Provide past fixtures and analysis of each\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Status : Complete \par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 OTHER ACTIVITIES\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 I am a great contributor to open source projects, especially on github\par
I help budding developer on stackoverflow\par
I am a member of Google Developer Group, JKUAT Chapter\par
I read about new technologies, innovations and hapenings in the tech space\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 HOBBIES\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 When now writing code I like going outdoors travelling to new places  and meeting people from diverse backgrounds\par
I volunteer in community projects and charity.\par
I get creative with automating the boring stuff using tools such as Raspberry Pi and Ardruino. Also written a sudoku solver in C.\par
}
 